[Music]
every day you make 10,000
choices your choices determine
everything what you're going to do for
your
career how much social media you consume
how you're going to raise your children
there's no part of your life that hasn't
been formed by the decisions you've made
and no part of your future that won't be
influenced by all the decisions you
make making great decisions is necessary
to having the life you want and yet many
of us feel uncomfortable around
decisions we've seen how decisions
around bad habits control
us or will agonize over some decisions
for weeks and still never feel
satisfied in most cases we think we can
discover the right path through thinking
and
Analysis but modern neurology shows us
that we make decisions in the emotional
center of the
brain if that emotional Center got
injured it would take us hours to decide
where to have lunch our life would fall
apart it's what we mean when we say
someone is stuck in their
head all our bad decisions come from our
fear of emotional
consequences we don't want to feel
rejected we don't want to be ashamed and
we don't want to experience
helplessness but when we stop being
afraid of our emotions we become clear
we make great decisions and we
Thrive if you want a life where great
decisions are the norm we invite you to
join us for the great decisions
course